
You see an F-15 with a green stripe on the tailfins.


"I saw action in Bolivia, you know.  I saw friends and
 enemies alike torn apart in midair and crash flaming
 and dying to the earth in agony you can't begin to
 understand.  No-one deserves to die like that.

 It's not just the anti-aircraft fire.  When you're 
 having missiles fired at you, it's impossible to stop
 the fear.

 And it doesn't get any easier as time goes by.
 Every mission you wonder whether you're going to live
 to see the new dawn break.. and if you do, how many of
 your friends will be there to enjoy it with you?

 Christ, no.  I couldn't take any more of that, so I
 quit to study wildlife."





"We were ordered to attack Bolivia in retaliation for a
 terrorist attack which was traced back to them.

 Many men and aircraft fought and died in that war, until
 it was discovered that the terrorist attack was carried
 out by a domestic group, and all the evidence which
 implicated Bolivia was entirely fabricated.

 My commander, acting against his own orders, negotiated
 a ceasefire with Bolivia, and though we were technically
 still at war, both sides offered each other their
 medical and technical expertise towards treating the
 injured.  We recovered over a hundred aircraft from
 both sides who were shot down during the conflict.

 Of course, this was little consolation to the families
 of the thousands of human soldiers who died too."

"Meanwhile, it emerged that President Kieran Daniels had
 personally engineered the terror attack on his own
 country as an excuse to invade Bolivia for reasons that
 remain unclear to this day.
 
 As the head of the US armed forces, President Daniels
 was court-martialled and shot for high treason.
 The vice-president was put on trial for war-crimes at
 the Hague and jailed for over three centuries.

 An interrim government was formed by Commander
 Longbridge, who organised the coup, and the two
 airliners referred to as 'Airforce One', who remained
 in power until a new president was elected.

 Apart from dealing with Kieran Daniels, Longbridge is
 also famous for negotiating several key arms reduction
 treaties, anti-aircraft defenses in particular.
 I suppose he was a bit biased, if his experiences were
 anything like mine, but he won the adoration of
 virtually all aircraft alive and made the world a much
 safer place for us all."


[page="attacked"]

"Guards!  Remove this human!"

[endpage]


"The thing that gets me about all these
 'Swords-Into-Ploughshares' people is that they also want
 to beat ME into ploughshares.

 Well fuck that."

